dt
hey maines how are you welcome to 1
video makes guys come back with a
informative video about the next
Minecraft update 0.73 and good
yesterday we were discussing
about the possible appearance of these
double chests that can be opened or
the small chests but that also
they can open and close but the truth is
that you take 8 and published a tweet of the day
today that says the following mainer it
says jokes chest commercial uses that
would mean that I offer fresh fresh
even more chests and next to this tweet
from the public the following image that
I think it confirms the best to us
less for me that comes in our
version of minecraft that would be the
next guys wow see this meiners
all the chests and taxes are already
but you can see that you are holding a
double chest which would be a kind of
watch and I think you're already working on
but obviously I think it will come more
of some bug with this with this new
version since there are many things which
the following are being tested well
tweet is almost the same and says
currently I still have to mix
inventories and animations fall to
phone and inventories
is the inventory sorry guys and do
some things with the multiplayer as well
that he has to work on these
changes of minecraft and apart it's
working on what is the multiplayer
of minecraft so that we have a better
experience guys so thanks take
his and in the last tweet he asks if
now what is or what is day and night
in the middle creatively and tells them
we thought about adding a slider to
change the time but there are many things
to try even in this version of
minecraft two guys believe me that although
this would be very very cool although I think
that many things would be a bit bad
because this brings what are many
forests then let's hope he comes to
this sales version perfect me in what
staff would prefer that I come to this
a little later but everything complete and
this would be all greater since he liked it
do not forget to give the one you have to subscribe
and share them flowers remember that the
half are 3000 mainer and we are I think that
2400 and something then we'll see you in the
next guys or they have liked and they
I have reported caused